this week iconic space with the Harlem
beats at chicken noodle soup a new
symbol of New York club scene we're
gonna make it rain with our fingers all
right check another tooth has the
raindrops it has the spirit out has a
lot of quick footwork back and forth but
what surprised challenged with Layla
have in store for iconic iconic at some
point in your routine you must be friend
on your old back we got to figure out a
way to dance on our backs and make it
look good it's very awkward when we're
coming up off the floor there's a freeze
that I want to hit but not everybody
could hit it I'm gonna exhaust all
options until we can find something that
we can do together that's tight can they
put their backs on the floor and come
out in front of the competition with
Webb stars chicken noodle soup here's
iconic
chicken livers up on the side check it
over so jerk chicken